OnlineCTR Terms and Conditions

Section 1 - All uses of OnlineCTR software and source code

1. You must not host a "Master Server" without consent from Niko.
	There should only ever be one "Master Server" hosted at any given time.

2. You must not modify or rebuild a "Dedicated Server" without consent from Niko,
	this is for the safety of all players, to prevent malware, trojans, or any attacks.

3. You must not modify or rebuild a "Client" to give any unfair advantage to any player 
	in a race, this does not require Niko's consent. This means you can change
	the User Interface, you may port the client to any platform of your choosing, 
	including Linux, Mac, PSP, Nintendo Switch, etc. 

4. You understand that you will be terminated from the entire OnlineCTR project 
	if any of "Section 1" terms and conditions are broken.
	
5. You may use 100% of the source code for any open-source project that does not 
	compete with the popularity of OnlineCTR. Source code may be used in 
	closed-source projects if permission is granted by Niko (nprocopi2017@gmail.com).

Section 2 - Using the OnlineCTR client for gameplay

1. You must legally own a copy of Crash Team Racing on PlayStation 1 (from any region).
	This can be a CD, or a digital download on PSP or PS3 from PSN

2. You must legally own a copy of Crash Team Racing: Nitro Fueled, on any platform that 
	Activision supports, this can be physical or digital.

3. You must not use mods or cheats, unless all players in your race agree
	to use the same mods and cheats.

4. All players in the same race must use the same version of Crash Team Racing, 
	and you must use the same version of the same emulator, unless the
	host of the "Dedicated Server" or "Room" allows variation.

5. You understand that you will be banned from all public servers
	if any of "Section 2" terms and conditions are broken.
	
All terms and conditions are subject to change, and are not guaranteed to be 
final or permanent. For example, section 1-5 will be altered if OnlineCTR is 
abandoned by the developers, and section 2-2 will be removed when there is no 
risk of OnlineCTR damaging the sales of Crash Team Racing: Nitro Fueled.
	
"Modify" or "Modification" includes any change to the binary files, or changes 
in the RAM addresses that the softwares use.

Terminations may be temporary or permanent, the length of punishment 
and severity of punishment will be determined by Niko

