If you get an error for missing VCRUNTIME 140_1 dll
	Go to this link:            https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads
	Download and run:    vc_redist.x64.exe

Host a NodeServer
	A node server can be hosted by a player or a non-player,
	it handles all the networking that makes the game work.
	Whoever runs NodeServer.exe must have port 1234 open on their router
	The computer hosting the NodeServer can be the same computer that 
	hosts the game, or it could be a different computer
	
Connect to NodeServer
	Open Client.exe, and follow the directions on-screen, it explains how
	to connect and play. Client.exe is smart enough to work with any
	emulator. It is confirmed to work with ePSXe 2.0.5 and Bizhawk, it is
	confirmed not to work with Rpcs3, it will probably work in any other emu

	Connection Lost:
		While trying to connect
			- You enter the wrong IP
			- The server is down
			- The server did not use port forwarding
			- The server is full
			- The server has a race in progress
		While in a race
			- The server shut down
			- A member of your group disconnected, and the
				NodeServer resets (which is a design choice)

Host a Game
	The host of any game is the first client to connect to the NodeServer.
	Hosting a game means you are the one that chooses the track,
	aside from that, you are no different than any other client. The Client.exe
	window will tell you how to randomly choose a track, and how to use
	use Battle maps, which is only for testing new features

Join a Game
	All additional clients who join after the host, are guests. The Client.exe
	window will tell you how to randomly choose a character, or choose Oxide

Avoid bugs:
	-If you are a game-host, you must wait for everyone to be in track selection,
		then change the track at least once, when everyone's there
	-If you are a game-guest, do not press any buttons while in track selection.
	-If one person disconnects, everyone disconnects, NodeServer can reset
		itself, and run infinitely, while Clients need to close and reopen
	-Do not ignore the step in Client.exe where you save state and load state
		it is needed to flush ASM cache in non-interpreter emulators,
		skipping this step is the most common cause of bugs

Start the race
	The host chooses the race, and number of laps, then starts the race.
	All guests should automatically mimic the host, without pressing buttons.
	If guests do not start loading a level when the host does, it is
		random bad luck, just close and try again

Consecutive races
	Choose "Change Character" or "Change Level", then wait at the track selection
	until the host and all clients are in the track selection, and then the host starts the
	next race. You can choose "Change Character" or "Change Level" after you finish
	a race, or you can pause the game and leave without finishing, the choice is yours.
	More players can join while you're in the menus, if the server is not full

How to use Adventure Hub
	Open Client_AdvHub_PublicBeta
	2 players only
	Both people choose Crash
	Start a race on any track
	You should both spawn in Hub

Most commonly asked questions

Q: When will there be 8P support?
A: 8P already works, but it is disabled in the consumer-release because the lag 
	is horrible; that can be fixed with implementing UDP networking. Also,
	it's restricted to non-secret characers, that can be fixed with more ASM
	injection

Q: When will weapons work?
A: We do have weapons sorta-working, but not stable enough for average players

Q: When will OnlineCTR work on other platforms?
A1: Linux is on hold until we find how to dynamically search emulators for CTR memory
A2: PSP is on hold until we find how to flush ASM cache due to a non-interpreter emulator
A3: PS3 doesn't have the ASM cache problem, but I dont have money to buy a PS3
A4: All other platforms are on hold, cause I dont have money to buy more consoles

Q: When will this server/client stuff become more user-friendly
A: I want to build a server farm, with match-making abilities, so that nobody needs to 
	worry about hosting NodeServers, and so that everyone can connect to the
	same place without worrying about IPs, but I dont have money to buy a server
	farm, and also, the server software for that is currently not done

Q: How can I donate to support the project?
A: Donate to my paypal email, nprocopi2017@gmail.com